Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[upbeat hip-hop music plays]
♪ ♪
[Raq]
Previously on Raising Kanan...
Guess who just got a gig
at the Garden State Mall
opening up for Shawnee.
What if I wanted to back out?
The armed forces take
commitments very seriously.
That's her.
[Ronnie] She ain't gonna
bother you no more.
[person] My uncle owns
the Golden Pavilion
and 20 other restaurants.
I want a percentage
of your business.
Lou Thomas.
he the one who told me.
That shit fuck up
your whole life.
You're the fucking disease.
nigga.
I'm sorry.
[gunshot]
It's not good for people
to see us together.
Ronnie got a girl.
That bitch from the bodega
was at my house with him.
I'll have to confirm
what you are saying
with my own people before
I will give you my approval.
[Raq] You always gonna be
that scared little bitch.
[gunshot]
That girl from
the Upper East Side overdosed.
and Shannon got dragged into it.
[James] Then that other police
officer came to speak with me.
and he suggested that maybe
she was complicit after all.
It was Malcolm Howard.
As long as
they don't talk to any
of Howard's old girlfriends.
he'll be okay.
[laughs]
What about that
task force bullshit?
What they getting into?
They ain't got nothing
on nobody.
No suspects at all.
Tell us something good
about Marvin Thomas.
You gonna hurt somebody.
somebody who ain't you.
Your mom is competition
out here. Kanan.
She's getting our product.
[Marvin] That shit's Kanan's.
That's the work
he and Ronnie been running.
He also kicking it
with some old heads.
Kanan fucking
with Snaps and Pop?
I need y'all to step away
from my son.
This shit is about us now.
And nobody fucks with us.
[Rileyy] ♪ I'm a hustler. baby
I'm a hustler. baby ♪
[50 Cent] ♪ Yeah. I know
Heartbreaks. setbacks ♪
♪ Bitch. if I crap out
I'm sure I'ma get back ♪
♪ I been through the ups and
Downs. you know I get around ♪
♪ So to me
It's all a part of the game ♪
♪ If I ain't the coke man
Or the dope man ♪
♪ I'm almost for sure. man
I got to take it ♪
♪ No need to say shit
I'm gon' take it ♪
♪ Robberies turned homicide
It's nothin' to play with ♪
♪ Make money
Make. make. make money ♪
♪ When shit hit the fan
We'll take money. Southside ♪
♪ Beef with the best of 'em ♪
♪ Done shot
At the rest of 'em. yeah ♪
♪ Checks. I'm collectin' 'em ♪
♪ Check. boy
I'm finessin' 'em ♪
♪ Bag Supreme
Boy. you fuck around ♪
♪ Put a big bag on your head ♪
♪ Before the weather break
You're dead ♪
♪ Let's get to it. they
Don't do it like we do it ♪
♪ Nah. cop it. whip it
Bag it. flip it ♪
♪ Re-up. we up
G'd up. what up? ♪
♪ Runnin' round this bitch
Still not givin' a fuck. hey ♪
♪ When it come to that paper
There'll be no complications ♪
Ha ha. That's right.
♪ Put a hole in a nigga
Right in front of you ♪
♪ Your heartbeat pacin' ♪
[Rileyy and 50 Cent]
♪ And it's all right ♪
[50 Cent] ♪ That's how
We do it on this side ♪
♪ Niggas get to it
On this side ♪
♪ I know heartbreaks
Setbacks ♪
♪ Bitch. if I crap out
I'm sure I'ma get back ♪
♪ I been through the ups and
Downs. you know I get around ♪
♪ So to me
It's all a part of the game ♪
♪ If I ain't the coke man
Or the dope man ♪
♪ I'm almost for sure. man
I got to take it ♪
♪ No need to say shit
I'm gon' take it ♪
♪ Robberies turned homicide
It's nothin' to play with ♪
♪ Hey. hey ♪
[Rileyy vocalizing]
[tense music plays]
♪ ♪
[Grown Kanan]
The most fucked up lies
are the ones
we tell ourselves...
[tires screeching]
...the ones we need
to get through the day...
[engine revving]
...to get through
this fucking life.
[tires screeching]
[car alarm blaring]
But the biggest bullshit
we tell ourselves
is that this shit
gonna get better.
that tomorrow ain't gonna be
as fucked up as today.
♪ ♪
And we keep saying it
and saying it
until we don't even believe
our own bullshit anymore.
[bell chimes]
♪ ♪
[singer] ♪ Beyond the sea ♪
♪ Somewhere waitin' for me ♪
♪ My lover stands
On golden sands ♪
♪ And watches the ships ♪
♪ That go sailin' ♪
♪ Somewhere beyond the sea ♪
♪ She's there
Watching for me ♪
[register whirring]
♪ If I could fly like birds ♪
$10.95.
Are you planning
on paying or not?
'Cause that's how this works.
You pick out what you want.
you give me the money.
and then you pay for it.
You're only halfway there.
[tense music plays]
Gonna work a little different
this time.
♪ ♪
I wouldn't do that. my nigga.
[glass shattering]
[clerk] Hey. you fucker!
[gunshots]
[glass shattering]
♪ ♪
Are you fucking kidding me?
[tires screeching]
♪ ♪
[train horn blares in distance]
Juliana people never late.
Let's go.
It's only been. like.
two minutes.
Go.
[tires screeching]
[dramatic music plays]
♪ ♪
Five-O?
Nah.
[person 1] Let's go. go.
[person 2] Easy. easy.
♪ ♪
[Clarence] Yo. we blazin' on
these motherfuckers or what?
'Cause you know
I'm ready. nigga.
No.
[tense music plays]
♪ ♪
[Clarence] Who that?
That's the nigga
who gonna tell us
we out of business.
♪ ♪
Come.
I'm afraid my cousin...
won't be able
to work with you anymore.
Juliana is dead.
Your business relationship
and any other kind
of relationship
you may have had with her...
is done.
The only reason you're not dead
is that your investors
asked me to spare your life.
This about Raq?
This is about me.
[dramatic music plays]
I gave my word that
I would not supply heroin
to South Jamaica.
and I am a man of my word.
which is the reason
you're still breathing.
♪ ♪
[person] Move out.
[engines revving]
♪ ♪
[singer] ♪ Ghetto ♪
♪ You ain't gon' be
Smilin' here ♪
♪ Nobody's smilin' ♪
♪ Ghetto ♪
♪ You ain't gon' be
Smilin' here ♪
♪ Nobody's smilin' ♪
[Rakim] ♪ Planet Earth was
My place of birth ♪
♪ Born to be the soul
Controller of the universe ♪
♪ Besides the part
Of the map I hit first ♪
♪ Any environment. I can adapt
When it gets worse ♪
♪ The rough gets goin'
The goin' gets rough ♪
♪ When I start flowin'
The mic might bust ♪
♪ The next state'll shake
From the power I generate ♪
♪ People in Cali used to think
It was earthquakes ♪
♪ 'Cause times is hard
On the boulevard ♪
♪ So I bogart
And never get scarred ♪
♪ I'm God. but it seems
Like I'm locked in Hell ♪
♪ Lookin' over the edge
But the R never fell ♪
♪ Or tripped or slipped
'Cause my Nikes got grip ♪
♪ Stand on my own two feet
And come equipped ♪
♪ Any stage I'm seen on
Or mic I fiend on ♪
♪ I stand alone
And need nothin' to lean on ♪
♪ Goin' for self
With a long way to go ♪
♪ So much to say
But I still flow slow ♪
♪ I come correct
And I won't look back ♪
♪ 'Cause it ain't
where you're from ♪
♪ It's where you're at
Even the ♪
[singer] ♪ Ghetto ♪
♪ Nobody's smilin' ♪
♪ Ghetto ♪
♪ You ain't gon' be
Smilin' here ♪
♪ Nobody's smilin' ♪
[Rakim] ♪ I learn to relax
In my room ♪
♪ And escape from New York ♪
♪ And return through the womb
Of the world as a thought ♪
♪ Thinkin' how hard it was
To be born ♪
♪ Me bein' cream
With no physical form ♪
♪ Millions of cells
With one destination ♪
♪ To reach the best part
As life's creation ♪
♪ Nine months later
A job well done ♪
♪ Make way
'Cause here I come ♪
♪ Since I made it this far
I can't stop now ♪
♪ There's a will and a way
And I got the know-how ♪
♪ To be all I can be
And more ♪
♪ And see all there is
To see before ♪
♪ I'm called to go back ♪
[music fades]
Hey. baby.
Hey.
[Raq smooching]
Look like you already ordered?
I'm gonna just get
the same thing I always get.
[sighs]
So you nervous?
- Always.
- Mm.
Nah. you gonna be great.
And I'm gonna be
that crazy auntie
screaming for you on that stage
at the top of my damn lungs.
- [laughs]
- [server] Here you go.
Thank you.
Look. I know
it's a hectic day for you.
But. um...
...this came to the house.
It looks like you used
our old address by accident.
so they forwarded it
to the new spot.
I changed the address.
but I guess
this one got through.
I ain't look at the name on it.
I just figured it was Kanan.
so I opened it.
The Army?
For real?
That's what you want?
[scoffs]
I don't know.
I-I thought it was.
But I'm not sure no more.
So you tell your father yet?
Can't even guess
what he's gonna say about it.
Probably just take a lot
of really deep breaths.
Mm. yeah.
Oh. that man and his breathing.
[exaggerated breathing]
[both laughing]
Look. I ain't the one
to offer no life advice
to nobody.
I mean. shit.
every day that passes.
I realize how little
I know about things
and how much I gotta learn.
But...
...I just want you
to be happy. Juke.
and if you can find
that happiness in the Army.
go find it.
But if it's here singing
on that stage. do that.
Grab that.
Be that.
'Cause all I want for you
is to find your joy.
That's all I ever wanted
for you.
Thanks. Aunt Raq.
Mm.
I'm tired of you kids
growing up.
[scoffs]
Why couldn't you just
stay little for longer?
You and Kanan talkin'?
We ain't really got much
to say to each other right now.
I could go check on him
if you want.
[soft music plays]
I'm not here to talk
about Kanan. all right?
I know I've been talking to you
about Kanan your entire life.
And that shit
ain't never been right.
It ain't never been fair.
I'm here to talk about you.
You and only you.
♪ ♪
[car horn blaring in distance]
[sighs]
[rap music playing in distance]
[Famous] ♪ What's the 411 ♪
♪ What's the 411 ♪
[indistinct rapping continues]
You still got
a hell of an ear. Shirl.
- Music is music.
- Huh.
The good ones always grab me.
- Raw.
- Mm-hmm.
[Lowell] Rough.
But I like 'em like this.
Gives me a chance to mold 'em.
Too slick. and they start
telling me how to do my job.
[chuckles]
So what's this kid's story?
That's me.
That's me you listening to.
I'm Famous.
Someone's not lacking
in confidence.
Oh. that's his name.
[Famous on recording]
♪ I'm livin' with a murder ♪
- ♪ Fuck. I really ♪
- [music stops]
My real name's Shawn.
but everybody calls me Famous.
I love it. Famous.
I can see it up
in lights already.
[Shirley chuckles]
This is Lowell Gelfand.
He's an old friend of mine.
He owns a few
independent labels.
I've only heard this one track.
but color me a fan.
Now. you also do the production?
Nah. that's...
that's my man Lou. Lou Thomas.
- Okay.
- He does all that.
Uh-huh.
[Shirley] I told you about Lou
on the phone.
He's also incredibly talented.
Right. right.
You get old like me.
you start to get
"dain bramage." Famous.
- [Shirley laughs]
- I don't recommend it.
[Shirley laughing]
I wanted Lowell to hear
some of yours and Lou's work
because I... I thought
maybe you guys could.
uh. collaborate.
[Lowell]
So what do you think. Famous?
You want to get into
some trouble together?
[laughs]
Hell yeah.
Then let's get
a meeting on the books.
all of us...
me. you. and the other guy.
- Lou.
- Lou?
- Yeah.
Have you heard from him?
Yeah. yeah. I've been...
I've been talking to him
all the time.
Um. I'm gonna hit him after this
to. you know.
make the meeting happen.
You're talented. Famous.
and I'm rich.
And I've been at this
long enough to know that
that combination
often translates to success.
[tense music plays]
A'ight.
♪ ♪
[person shouting indistinctly]
[siren wailing in distance]
[laughter]
[banging]
Lou. open up.
Yo. Lou.
I ain't heard from him in days.
Yeah. he might be in there.
you know.
hurt or something like that
or fucked up.
I need you to open the door.
I'm not supposed to do that.
Tenants' apartments
are private property.
[bills rustling]
[sighs]
[keys jingling]
[coughs]
[tense music plays]
Goddamn.
This place is
a fuckin' disaster.
Lou.
Lou!
♪ ♪
Fuck.
You ain't heard from him
recently?
[superintendent] No.
Your brother is gonna need
to hire professional cleaners.
♪ ♪
[Marvin] You gonna lock up.
And don't steal nothin'.
I got a "phonographic" memory.
I know where everything at
in here.
♪ ♪
[indistinct chatter]
I need five minutes. that's all.
Captain. I've got
Detective Burke's father here.
He says it's urgent.
Uh. send him in.
Captain Burke.
I apologize.
I've been meaning
to give you a call.
Internal affairs has closed
their case on Shannon.
Found no evidence
of any wrongdoing.
so it's over.
You and your family can mourn
in peace now.
I don't want them to close it.
I want them to keep it open.
That's why I'm here.
My daughter was set up.
Captain. by Malcolm Howard.
He orchestrated this whole thing
to distract
from what I'm assuming
is his own criminal bullshit.
Captain Burke. sir.
we have been
down this road before.
I know. I know. I know.
I know we've been
down this road before.
But I know more now.
Malcolm Howard is
a highly-decorated
police officer.
So am I.
[tense music plays]
I need you to hear me out.
Captain.
♪ ♪
Ah. ah. whoa. whoa. whoa.
You knew that motherfucker
was gonna cut off my supply.
and you didn't say shit to me.
[dramatic music plays]
I guess you heard
from the Colombian. huh?
You didn't tell her
she was going around him
to his cousin.
That's some dumb shit.
Lucky for you.
he came to us first.
Otherwise. you would've
ended up like his cousin.
Sit down.
[upbeat music playing]
♪ ♪
You're welcome. by the way.
My business
deader than that bitch is.
Well. you're gonna need
to figure that out
all lickety-split
and shit. Urkel.
'cause it ain't just your money
that you fuckin' losing
right now.
This all Raq.
She the one fucking us.
Raq didn't take our money.
Ronnie.
You did.
Yeah. she may be fucking you.
but you fucking us.
The last thing
you want to mess with
is our 401K. nigga.
♪ ♪
[chair scraping]
That boy got mad issues.
Yeah. he do.
- Two of 'em.
- Mm.
♪ ♪
You and me. baby.
Howard went
to Nicole Bingham's father
and told him to file
a complaint against Shannon.
Why the fuck would Howard
get the father
to file a complaint?
And how do you know he did it?
[Patrick]
Doesn't matter how I know.
As for why he did it.
I don't have an answer for you.
All I can say is.
in my 40 years in the NYPD.
I never heard of a cop
going to a civilian
and asking them to press
charges against their partner.
The Binghams raised holy hell
because they thought
Shannon supplied the drugs
that killed their daughter.
But that investigation
was dead on arrival.
The Bingham daughter's friend.
someone named Laverne Thomas.
said definitively
that it wasn't Shannon
who gave her the drugs.
Laverne Thomas?
[tense music plays]
Jesus Christ.
I forgot about her in all this.
When we made this shit go away.
that girl went with it.
♪ ♪
Fuck.
[phone dialing]
[line ringing]
- [person] Yes. sir?
- Give me Agent Tanner.
[Marley Waters & Fredro's
"The Code" playing]
[singer] ♪ Uh. yeah ♪
♪ I get hype from the rage
Hell in the cage ♪
♪ The shotta. call the shots
Let it echo away ♪
♪ I was down bad
But I'm better today ♪
♪ Since I touched half a mil
It was never the same ♪
♪ Just got paid
I chopped my fade ♪
♪ Horses in the engine
Make the streets obey ♪
♪ Ride the bass ♪
Yo...
get the word out on the street
that I'm looking for Lou
and I'm paying real money
for the information
that get me to him.
[singer]
♪ Said they want the smoke ♪
♪ But they froze ♪
♪ Big dog status ♪
♪ Smell the money
With my nose ♪
Fuck was that?
You seen him?
Liquor store on 157
got robbed last night.
So?
Heard it was Lou.
[singer]
♪ Want to get like this ♪
♪ Tell 'em follow the code ♪
♪ Follow the code ♪
♪ I tell 'em follow the code ♪
Agent Tanner. Howard is in line
to take over Queens Narcotics.
which would have him
working next to you.
So any issue with him
is a problem for your team.
[Tanner] I'm aware.
But again. this is mostly
outside my purview and concern.
[Baptiste] That high school
girl who died.
the one who OD'd
on the Upper East Side.
she was dating a Laverne Thomas.
Laverne Thomas.
- That's...
- The daughter.
[tense music plays]
And if you're thinking
we knew this all along
and didn't put two and two
together. you're right.
But at this particular moment.
that's beside the point.
For now. all that matters
is there seems to be
some sort of link
between Marvin Thomas.
Detective Burke.
and Detective Howard.
I'm not following either of you.
So what we're saying here
is that barring
an incredible coincidence.
there is some sort
of unholy triangle
between LCN. Marvin Thomas.
and Detective Howard.
And Shannon figured
this all out.
That's why
she was investigating Howard
and his shooting.
Because it was mob-related.
I'm not saying anything
beyond what I learned
in the last hour.
What I can tell you. though.
is there's no such thing
as coincidence
in South Jamaica.
♪ ♪
I told you I wasn't
doing this with you no more.
Yeah. well. you here anyways.
Get in.
[siren wailing in distance]
Lou out here wilin' again.
[scoffs]
You motherfuckers
are incorrigible.
I thought he learned his lesson
when he had to fix that shit
with Scrap's mom...
I don't want to know more
about that than I already do.
I need an assist finding him.
Your bullshit don't ever stop.
do it?
You thinking I want to come
to you with all of this?
You the last motherfucker
I ever want
to have a favor from.
But I ain't got
nowhere else to go.
My brother needs to be
off these streets.
and I can't find him.
And that's bad for all of us.
including you.
And it's like you've been
saying all along. Detective.
We connected.
Family.
whether we like it or not.
[sighs]
Y'all would be the fucked up
family that I get.
[tense music plays]
♪ ♪
[indistinct chatter]
My bad for being late.
Gonna have to keep
this meetup up short.
I got shit to do.
You mind?
- Hungry as hell over here.
- Have at it.
It's for the girls. but they
haven't touched any of it.
I missed lunch and shit.
Getting close on this story
about your daughter.
I spoke to her
on the phone the other day.
I guess you call her Jukebox
because you gotta pay her
to talk.
[chuckles]
And she ain't even mad at you.
Imagine what she like
when she pissed off.
You know.
I feel like our conversations
have really helped me.
I'm getting better.
And I know
you got a lot going on.
I don't want to take up
any more of your time
with my bullshit.
I'm good.
You breaking up with me
or something?
[chuckles] No. not at all.
It's...
I just don't want to be
a burden.
How many more times
I got to tell you
how this friendship thing work?
It ain't a burden.
I gotta. uh...
I gotta get some flowers
for Juke for this show later.
You're coming through. right?
Of course.
This performance will be
the last piece
that I need for my story.
See you there.
[somber music plays]
♪ ♪
Is... uh. is Kanan... Kanan here?
Look. I just need
to talk to him.
Go away.
Yo. K!
I... I'm looking for Lou. man.
Oh...
You always be talkin'.
so you don't never hear.
I said go away.
A'ight.
A'ight. ease up. Ronnie.
Let him the fuck go. man.
I don't know where Lou at.
I ain't fucking with
my family right now.
You got your answer. nigga.
Now go.
[Famous grunts]
Wait. wait. Fame.
Juke got her mall thing today.
Everybody gonna be there.
Me too.
I doubt Lou missin' that shit.
[tense music plays]
♪ ♪
You're going to the fucking mall
when we don't got
no business no more?
You don't need to worry about
what the fuck I'm doing. nigga.
♪ ♪
[Salt-N-Pepa's "Push It!"
playing]
[singer]
♪ Salt and Pepa's here ♪
♪ And we're in effect ♪
♪ Want you to push it. babe ♪
♪ Coolin' by day
Then at night ♪
♪ Working up a sweat ♪
♪ Come on girls
Let's go show the guys ♪
♪ That we know
How to become number one ♪
♪ In a hot party show
Now push it ♪
♪ Ah. push it ♪
♪ Push it good ♪
♪ Push it real good ♪
♪ Ah. push it ♪
♪ Push it good ♪
The bathroom's upstairs.
It's a long walk.
so give yourself enough time
to get there if you need it.
And there's a cooler over here.
but make sure the drinks
aren't too...
Jukebox. don't worry
about who's out there.
Right now.
it's only about us here.
Who we are.
the work we've put in.
We made an investment
in ourselves and each other.
And this is when
we realize our return.
This is the payoff.
When you step out there.
you're sisters.
Love each other.
and everyone out there
will do the same.
♪ ♪
[sighs]
I'm proud of you.
And you should be proud too.
You believed in yourselves.
ladies.
And right now. that faith
has turned into fact.
And no one can take that
from you.
no matter what.
♪ ♪
You guys are singing to track.
but you need to leave it all
out there.
Now go out on that stage
and change your lives. ladies.
♪ ♪
Places.
Yes. sir. yes. sir. yes. sir.
[cheers and applause]
Years from now.
you're gonna tell people
that you were here to see
this group
that's about to take
the world by storm.
Folks. this is one
of the hottest acts
to emerge from New York
in a very long time.
Let's hear it for Jukebox.
Krystal. Iesha.
otherwise known as Butta!
[cheers and applause]
♪ I've been looking
For someone ♪
♪ To treat me like a lady ♪
♪ And I can't help
But think that's you ♪
♪ I love your tender ♪
[both] ♪ Kisses ♪
♪ And boy. you know I ♪
[both] ♪ Miss it ♪
♪ I'd give the world to you ♪
♪ I swear I never get enough ♪
♪ I don't want to stay away ♪
♪ Baby. tell me
If you feel the same ♪
♪ I want to spend
All of my time ♪
♪ All of my time with you ♪
♪ Can't get you
Out of my head ♪
♪ Every time
I try to shake it ♪
♪ Baby. we can be something
Something. something ♪
♪ Can't get you
Out of my head ♪
♪ Every time
I try to shake it ♪
♪ Baby. we can be something
Something. something ♪
♪ You take me all the way
To the sky and the moon ♪
♪ I just want to do
The same for you ♪
♪ And if I have three wishes
I know you know it ♪
- [both] ♪ Boy. yes ♪
- ♪ I'd give the world to you ♪
♪ I swear
I'll never get enough ♪
♪ I don't want to stay away ♪
♪ Baby. tell me
If you feel the same ♪
♪ I want to spend
All of my time ♪
♪ All of my time with you ♪
♪ Can't get you
Out of my head ♪
♪ Every time
I try to shake it ♪
♪ Baby. we can be something
Something. something ♪
♪ Can't get you
Out of my head ♪
♪ Every time
I try to shake it ♪
♪ Baby. we can be something
Something. something ♪
♪ Can't get you
Out of my head ♪
♪ Every time
I try to shake it ♪
♪ Baby. we can be something
Something. something ♪
♪ Yeah. can't get you
Out of my head ♪
[Jukebox vocalizing]
♪ Every time
I try to shake it ♪
♪ Baby we can be something
Something. something ♪
Whoo!
[cheers and applause]
Hey. I wouldn't have
called you guys
if the asshole had just
stayed passed out.
Problem is. he keeps waking up
every 20 minutes
and breaking shit.
He ain't paid for none
of his drinks. either.
All right. wake up.
Rise and shine. sweetie.
Welcome back to the land
of the living.
[officer] What's your name?
Lou.
I'm Lou.
Lou Thomas.
Hey. I'ma close my eyes
and rest a little bit.
I'll get back to you.
- I promise.
- It's him. right?
How about that. huh?
Let's go. Lou.
A friend of ours wants
to talk to you.
I ain't got no friends.
Yeah. whatever you say.
[tense music plays]
Yo. let me get another one.
Hey. hey who's gonna pay
for his drinks
and all the shit he broke?
Come on. man.
how about it's on the house?
I think it's his birthday.
[bartender] Fuck his birthday.
I want my money.
[officer] Hey. you have
a good day. sir.
♪ ♪
Your cousin killed it
out there. right?
Don Cornelius gonna be knocking
on my front door.
[scoffs]
Yeah. she did good.
Gonna have a celebration
for her in a couple days.
You should come through.
I don't have time
for y'all right now.
Why? What you gotta do?
Where you going?
[Raq]
Threatening a social worker.
it ain't gonna make
your problems go away.
It's just gonna make it worse.
I'm not worried.
Well. I make
one more phone call.
and they gonna grab you up
and put you upstate.
[tense music plays]
I can make phone calls too.
Stories I could tell.
♪ ♪
There's places
they can take you.
I don't give a fuck
who your daddy is.
was. or wasn't.
I'll pull out my belt on
your ass right here. right now.
You don't speak
to your mother that way.
[Raq] It's all right. Marvin.
♪ ♪
You know.
Ronnie don't see the world
like normal people. Kanan.
I trust him
more than I trust you.
He killed his own brother.
That's not what I heard.
I heard it was you
that took out 'Nique.
Put him down.
Had them Italian motherfuckers
burn him
so you could take all his work.
♪ ♪
Your shit with Ronnie
been deaded.
You're done.
Out of business.
You don't decide when I'm done.
♪ ♪
Not no more.
You just gonna let him
talk to you like that?
♪ ♪
[Jukebox] Those record guys
stayed for the whole show.
It's a good sign. right?
What you think they saying?
Mm. they planning our first
stop on our world tour.
[Iesha scoffs]
Oh. I hope it's
somewhere warm like Brazil
or Puerto Rico.
What you know about Brazil.
girl?
Shit. I know it's warmer
than New York.
[both laughing]
Yo. you killed it out there
today. Juke.
Thanks.
[Iesha clears throat]
What record label y'all from?
Laverne. I'm Special Agent
Preston Tanner
from the Federal Bureau
of Investigation.
and this is Detective
Arthur Ogden of the NYPD.
We have some questions
we need to ask you
regarding your family's
connection to organized crime
and other criminal activities.
[dramatic music plays]
♪ ♪
[Lou muttering indistinctly]
The fuck we doing. man?
If you're gonna arrest me.
arrest me. okay?
How you got me up in here.
this has gotta be
a civil rights violation
or some shit.
You know what I'm saying?
The problem child himself.
And he's shitfaced
and pretty fucking chatty.
Told us he knocked over
a liquor store
for a bottle of whiskey
last night.
[Lou groaning]
Shit.
If y'all ever need an assist.
you know I got you.
I'll take it from here.
You just can't keep
your fucking mouth shut. huh?
Shit. you ain't heard
nothing yet.
I can solve damn near
every murder on the South Side
for you.
Your sister
about to be here soon
to collect your sorry ass.
Until then.
just shut the fuck up.
It was you.
[tense music plays]
You told Raq that
Scrap was the snitch.
It had to be.
I knew she said
someone was inside.
♪ ♪
You fucked all that shit up.
Scrap wasn't no snitch.
♪ ♪
We put him down
behind your word?
You...
you killed that nigga!
You say one more fucking
syllable
and I'ma put you
out your misery.
You understand me?
One more and you dead.
♪ ♪
I'm already dead. nigga.
I been dead.
♪ ♪
[sirens wailing]
[indistinct chatter]
[Gerald sobbing]
Yo. G. what's going on?
Yo. breathe. brother.
Breathe.
It's Alice.
What happened to her?
I just needed
a few minutes for myself.
something to settle me down.
Take the edge off.
What happened to Alice. man?
[somber music plays]
She likes baths.
So I put her in.
I-I mean. she's old enough
to be in there
by herself. right?
The next thing I remember.
Amber is waking me up.
And I went in.
and she must have slipped.
♪ ♪
She's gone. Marvin.
My baby girl drowned.
and she's gone.
♪ ♪
No.
Hell no.
Damn.
♪ ♪
I'm so fucking sorry. man.
They're taking Amber away.
I got nothing.
I am nothing.
[Marvin] Look...
you need help. Gerald.
Real help.
Maybe it's good
they take Amber for now
and then you can get right.
I-I'm a piece of shit.
a horrible father
and a fucking awful friend.
No. man.
You a good friend.
I mean. you just...
They said they were gonna put me
in prison. Marvin.
They were gonna throw me
in prison
and put my kids in foster homes
if I didn't get them something.
[scoffs]
I don't even know
what you saying. G.
You're so sad
you're not even making sense.
[Gerald] I am making sense.
♪ ♪
I've been working with the FBI.
I got caught with some heroin.
It was too much to write off
as simple possession.
so they threatened me.
Said they were gonna
take away my kids.
And that's when they told me
that they were looking at
you and your family.
They knew that I know you
from our group.
I'm so sorry.
I didn't give them anything.
I swear.
I mean. I didn't have
anything on you.
You didn't tell me anything.
If I had just said no
to them from the start.
you wouldn't hate me
like you do right now.
And my daughter
would still be alive.
♪ ♪
It doesn't matter now.
because they're gonna
put me away forever for this.
[pager beeping]
You'll never forgive me.
but can you at least
try and understand
that I did it for my kids?
♪ ♪
Your daughter's dead. Gerald.
because of you.
And I'll probably end up
in the pen because of you too.
Everything you've done.
you've done for yourself.
You ain't no friend.
You're no kind of father.
neither.
You ain't shit.
♪ ♪
[sobbing]
[Tanner] We know that
your dad is the one
who gave the drugs to your
girlfriend that killed her.
And we also know that
he's been working
with organized crime
to sell drugs in South Jamaica.
But we need to know more.
which is why you're here.
Y'all don't know shit.
What can you tell us
about Detective Howard?
Are he and your dad friends?
My dad?
He ain't friends with cops
or organized crime
or nobody else.
And he ain't done none
of the shit you just said.
Y'all ain't got nothing.
Because if you did.
you wouldn't be talking to me.
[tense music plays]
♪ ♪
[Howard] About damn time.
I don't even have no words
for you and your family no more.
This shit defies language.
This motherfucker
been talking my ear off
confessing to every crime
committed in Queens
in the last 10 years.
Seems like you got
some confessing to do too.
Detective.
Some shit you've been
keeping real close.
lying to me straight
to my fucking face.
Yeah. Marvin called me.
Told me that that task force
had a snitch on him
this whole time. that
they've been looking at him
for months on all of this
Italian shit.
Meanwhile. you telling me
we free and clear
and they ain't onto us at all.
All right. yeah.
I did know they was onto Marvin.
[Raq scoffs]
And if I'm being honest
with you.
I told them
they might be looking
in the right direction.
So this whole time
you saying we was good
and they've been sizing up
my big brother?
We are good. Raq.
They not on you. they not
on Kanan. they not on me.
We put this whole shit
on Marvin. it all goes away.
We get a clean slate.
Yeah. my brother.
he don't get that. though.
He gets life
or the fucking chair.
So would you rather
it be Kanan or you?
Yo. Marvin gotta take one
for the team.
And I bet you even he
would understand that.
Raquel. these Feds are not
going away empty handed.
We gotta give 'em something.
or they gonna keep coming
till they take it all from us.
And shit. if they get to you.
Marvin going down anyway.
and so does Kanan.
And so will you.
No shit.
I ain't gonna never sell out
my family.
All right. well. fuck it then.
Let's do it your way.
and then we all go down.
I'm sick of all this bullshit
anyways.
Fuck you and yours. Raq.
Mines is yours. nigga.
Here come the black widow.
There goes the black eye.
Doherty. Gerald!
[tense music plays]
We're here about Alice. Gerald.
NYPD's letting us bring you in
as a professional courtesy.
♪ ♪
Car is here.
Probably passed out.
Wanna do the honors?
♪ ♪
[door bangs]
Gerald?
Ah. this piece of shit.
Fuck.
♪ ♪
Something...
[clears throat]
...just popped up
that I need to handle.
But before I let you go.
I need to ask you again
if you've ever seen your father
interact with
Detective Malcolm Howard.
You fucked up
my whole life tonight.
And you really think
I'ma answer your questions?
Take it from me. none of us
ever make a clean escape
from our fucked up families.
You think you get out okay.
but then once you're in
the clear light of day.
you see all the scars.
And those scars never go away.
They just get deeper.
Fuck you. FBI.
You are free to go.
[indistinct chatter]
[solemn music plays]
♪ ♪
Talk to me.
No chance this was a hit?
Nah. killing himself
was probably
the smartest thing
this asshole has done in years.
♪ ♪
You gonna do me
like you did Scrap?
[tense music plays]
That's my big brother.
Hey. Marvin.
she trying to kill me. man.
Don't let her kill me.
How much the newspaper guy
give up?
I don't even know.
[Raq]
You can't touch him. Marvin.
That snitch motherfucker
scrape his damn knee.
they gonna come looking for you.
Marvin. don't let her
kill me. man.
She's trying to kill me. Marvin.
Get him in the car.
[dark music plays]
N... no.
No. no. no. No. no. no. I...
I ain't-I ain't ready yet. man.
♪ ♪
Marvin. I... I ain't ready yet.
[phone ringing]
Detective Howard?
We need to talk.
What's the word. Cap?
Did you lean on James Bingham
to go to IAD and put in
that complaint on Burke?
[Tanner] And tangential
to that question
is the nature of your
relationship to Marvin Thomas.
our investigation's
current target
whose daughter was
romantically involved
with the Bingham girl.
And tangential to that.
why the fuck didn't you
come to me
with any of this shit?
Are you serious?
You coming at me with this?
First of all.
you're the one that told me
that the department
couldn't handle
any more bad press.
that Burke's dirt
needed to be buried.
So yeah. I went
and talked to the girl's father
just to see how deep
and dark the shit really was.
Because I knew that Burke had
fucked with the Bingham girl
and Laverne Thomas.
And honestly. it was worse
than what I thought.
It was bad enough that
I couldn't make it go away.
So I told the father
to go to IAD
to let them figure it out.
Why didn't you go
to IAD yourself?
'Cause I ain't a snitch.
And as far as Marvin Thomas.
that shit's happenstance.
I don't know nothing about that.
So you and Marvin Thomas
don't have
any sort of relationship?
Relationship?
What. are we fucking dating?
I don't have anything to do
with Marvin Thomas.
Hey. yo. Cap...
what you getting at. man?
Are you trying to say
that I'm in business
with some drug dealer?
[tense music plays]
♪ ♪
Your moms is fucking
with our investment.
Messing with our money.
She need to be handled.
[dark music plays]
♪ ♪
So what.
y'all don't love me no more?
Don't care or nothing?
I'm your little brother.
We love you. Lou.
Then how you doing me
like this. man. if you love me?
You did it to yourself.
So you gonna put me down?
♪ ♪
Leave me out here...
in the dark...
all by myself?
♪ ♪
I don't... I don't want to be
alone like that. man.
Don't leave me out there
like that. Marvin.
♪ ♪
Please.
Don't leave me alone
out here. man.
♪ ♪
[sobbing]
Mm...
Marvin. please. man.
[Grown Kanan]
Everybody talk real tough
until they looking down
the barrel of that gun.
Once they see that strap
in they face.
they start sayin'
real different shit.
Start making deals
with everyone. including God.
Hey. do what you gotta do then.
♪ ♪
But don't leave me out here
alone like that.
♪ ♪
[Grown Kanan] "Let me live.
and I'll do right.
Let me keep breathing.
and I'll change."
But once you there.
staring your own death
in the damn face.
ain't no more deals
left to make.
Ain't no negotiating left to do.
♪ ♪
Your business here is done.
nigga.
Your money ain't good no more.
♪ ♪
[War's "Slippin' Into Darkness"
playing]
[singer] ♪ I was slippin' ♪
♪ Into darkness ♪
♪ ♪
♪ When I heard ♪
♪ My mother say ♪
♪ Hey. what she say ♪
♪ What she say ♪
♪ ♪
♪ You've been slippin'
Into darkness ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Pretty soon
You're gonna pay ♪
♪ Pay ♪
[vocalizing]
♪ ♪
Press play. Subtitles appear.
200+ languages. One app:  tryray.app